Don't step on the broken glass.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.
Two seats were vacant.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
He created a pig burger out of beef.
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
He always wore his sunglasses at night.
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
I am never at home on Sundays.
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.
Let me help you with your baggage.
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
The book is in front of the table.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.
In that instant, everything changed.
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
That was how he came to win $1 million.
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly.

